docs: add changelog updates (#563)
fleek-platform/website: src/content/changelog/2025-changelog-eliza-edit-characterfile-ai-aegent-proxy-and-remote-attestation/index.md

---
title: 'Fleek Changelog: Characterfile editing, AI agent API and Remote attestation'
date: 2025-02-17

> desc: 'Fleek’s AI Agent capabilities, including a new AI Agent Proxy API and the ability to edit characterfiles directly from the UI'

Reviewer: You can make it easier to read. For example, notice I've shortened "AI agent proxy API", you're mostly interested in letting the user know about the API + easy integration.

```suggestion
desc: 'Fleek now offers direct UI character file editing alongside a new AI agent API for seamless integration.'
```
